feat(aliase): drop support package.json (#35)
JakobJingleheimer/nodejs-loaders: packages/alias/README.md

This loader facilitates TypeScript's [`paths`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/modules/reference.html#paths), handling the (important) half of work TypeScript ignores. It looks for a `tsconfig.json` in the project root (the current working directory) and builds aliases from `compilerOptions.paths` if it exists. If your tsconfig lives in a different location, create a symlink to it from your project root.

> [!CAUTION]

> > **If you're not using TypeScript**, consider using Node.js's [subpath imports](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports). It's more performant and doesn't require a loader.

Reviewer: This is outdated: you now can use it even if you _are_ using `tsc`. You just need to set moduleResolution to "node16" or "nodeNext".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!CAUTION]
> **Consider using Node.js's [subpath imports](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports). It's more performant and doesn't require a loader. If you are using `tsc` for type-checking, set [compilerOptions.moduleResolution to `node16` or higher](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/modules/reference.html#packagejson-imports-and-self-name-imports).
```
